This is the screen WashCentral opens to.
p02
The Executive Dashboard is the whole network on one page.
p03
Before you ever open a ticket or a single site,
p04
this is where you check the pulse of the business.
p05
Learn to read it quickly,
p06
because a lot of support calls start with a number that lives right here.
p07
Read the band up top.
p08
Network, April, month to date.
p09
Every card below rolls all your locations into one figure,
p10
so what you see is the business as a whole, not any single wash.
p11
The location selector in the header is what narrows it when you need one site.
p12
Now find the period row on the right.
p13
Today, Week, Month, Quarter, Y-T-D, one year.
p14
It is set to Month.
p15
That one choice decides the window every card and panel reports on,
p16
so always check it before you trust a number.
p17
Click through the periods, one at a time.
p18
Watch the numbers redraw for today, then the week, then the quarter, then the year.
p19
Nothing is edited.
p20
You are only changing the lens, and landing back on Month puts it right where it started.
p21
Start with the first three cards.
p22
Revenue, cars washed, active members.
p23
These are your scale numbers,
p24
each with its change against the month before and a small trend line.
p25
Green arrows mean the network is growing,
p26
and growth in members is the one that quietly lifts the other two.
p27
Now the next three.
p28
Conversion rate, visit frequency, and labor percent.
p29
Labor is the one to watch.
p30
It has gone amber because it is running over the fifteen percent target,
p31
and that color is the dashboard flagging it for you.
p32
When you see amber, that is your cue to look at which site is pulling it up.
p33
Drop to the big panel.
p34
Twelve months of revenue, stacked by where it came from: memberships, pay per wash, and retail.
p35
The membership band is the thick one at the base.
p36
That is the recurring money you want climbing, month after month.
p37
On the right, every site in one list.
p38
Revenue, cars, labor, and how close each runs to its conversion target.
p39
The dots and the numbers slide from green toward red as a site slips.
p40
One look tells you Naples Coast is the one to check on today,
p41
and it saves you scanning six separate reports to find it.
p42
Keep going to the members panel.
p43
A line for how many members you have,
p44
against bars for the ones you gained and the ones you lost, month by month.
p45
The gap between those bars is what grows or shrinks the base over time.
p46
Beside it, the revenue mix.
p47
A single donut for how this month's money splits apart.
p48
It is the quick shape of where revenue is coming from right now,
p49
before you go digging for detail.
p50
Click the Revenue card.
p51
It opens a page just for revenue:
p52
today's take, the average ticket, the member share, add-ons, and a table by location.
p53
So the cards are not dead ends.
p54
Any one of them is a door to the next level of detail.
p55
Click Back to Executive Dashboard.
p56
You return to the full scorecard, still on Month, exactly as you left it.
p57
That is the whole dashboard.
p58
Pick a period, read the six cards for scale and health,
p59
then the panels for the trend, the sites, your members, and the mix.
p60
It edits nothing, and every card can take you deeper.
p61
Start your day here, then go where the numbers point.